[DOCS] Remove Kibana TLS docs in favor of Stack docs (#106996)
elastic/kibana: docs/redirects.asciidoc

The following pages have moved or been deleted.

--
[role="exclude",id="configuring-tls"]
== Encrypt TLS communications in {kib}

> See {ref}/security-basic-setup-https.html[Set up basic security for the Elastic Stack].

Reviewer: Nit: what do you think about linking straight to the Kibana section? (same goes for the other two redirects below)

```suggestion
See {ref}/security-basic-setup-https.html#encrypt-kibana-http[Set up basic security for the Elastic Stack].
```

Author: +1 to that change! I'll make the same change for the other two redirects as well.

> See {ref}/security-basic-setup-https.html#encrypt-kibana-http[Encrypt HTTP client communications for {kib}].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to {ref}/security-basic-setup-https.html#encrypt-kibana-http[Encrypt HTTP client communications for {kib}].
```

[float]
[role="exclude",id="configuring-tls-browser-kib"]
=== Encrypt traffic between the browser and {kib}

> See {ref}/security-basic-setup-https.html#encrypt-kibana-browser[Encrypt traffic between your browser and {kib}].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to {ref}/security-basic-setup-https.html#encrypt-kibana-browser[Encrypt traffic between your browser and {kib}].
```

[float]
[role="exclude",id="configuring-tls-kib-es"]
=== Encrypt traffic between {kib} and {es}

> See {ref}/security-basic-setup-https.html#encrypt-kibana-elasticsearch[Encrypt traffic between {kib} and {es}].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to {ref}/security-basic-setup-https.html#encrypt-kibana-elasticsearch[Encrypt traffic between {kib} and {es}].
```
